Listen, the last 70 years are not
normal, Stephen. The last 70 years are
not normal. The last 70 years in Europe
and the US where ordinary people like my
dad could work for the post office on
less than average wage and buy a house
and support a family. It's not normal.
It's not normal in the world and it's
not normal in history. Most countries in
the world are not like that. Most
countries have a a small super rich
elite and a very large group of
extremely poor people. That's most of
the country and it's most of history in
this country and it's most of history in
the US, you know. Yeah, we talk about
Charles Dickens. I read Hard Times. I
read Hard Times. And this is written in
the 19th century when Britain was like
the industrial superpower of the whole
world. And at the time, the government
was talking about should we tax these
industrialists? And the industrialists
were saying, if you tax us, we'll throw
our factories into the sea. And it just
reminds me, you know, the only time
we've ever really been able to provide
decent living conditions for ordinary
working people was the period after the
war where we massively redistributed
wealth. and and now we're losing that
that holding of wealth in of the middle
class. Can you acknowledge though that
that was a completely different time as
it relates to being able to It was a
different time but you know I could you
know because of Nigeria today, Brazil
today, the UK 300 years ago, France 200
years ago. There is only one specific
time that we have ever successfully
provided broad living standards for
ordinary people and it was a period of
time we protected a broadly equal wealth
distribution and taxed the rich at very
high rates.